I always wanted to have children and I
knew before I ever got married that it
might not be a possibility for me my
doctors had told me with my condition
that I might not be able to have
children ever so for us it was really
really exciting to find out we were
pregnant after so long we went in for
our gender ultrasound to find out we
were having a girl everything was fine
and then adjust a couple weeks later I
randomly went into labor no idea what
caused it and all the drugs that they
gave me couldn't do anything so I had an
emergency c-section at 25 weeks she was
bruised black and blue her legs were
almost completely black because my
contractions had broken them she was
just so fragile and frail and she didn't
look like she could make it and they
told us that her chances of survival
were very low and that if she lived her
chances of being severely brain damaged
or blind or several other severe
disabilities were very high they lifted
the lid of the eye slit and when I
started talking to her she turned her
whole body towards me he's turned her
face towards me she she knew my voice
you know out of everybody
you she didn't when the nurses talk to
her move but when I talked to her
she would turn towards me every time and
that was the first thing I think that
kind of gave me the strength to keep
going because she needed me you know
like she specifically needed me because
I was wrong
my emotions felt really unsettled but my
faith is what made me feel just moored
and I saw hope and looking at my baby
that didn't look like a baby she look
like Petrie from The Land Before Time so
those tiny little pterodactyl baby but
she looked like life and that felt
hopeful to me I found hope they're so
even though things were things were bad
and stormy around us that hope is what
kept us centered you know that hope is
what kept us feeling like we could we
could make it through to the other side
she makes me laugh every day she brings
me so much joy I think no matter what
her personality had turned out to be I
would feel the sense of gratefulness
that I do for her every time I look at
her I'm just so thankful that she's here
and I get to be her mom
for me it's so wonderful to bring so
much joy I think in her countenance and
in her story so my greatest desire for
the book is that it will encourage
anyone who is going through a really
difficult time and struggling with that
that they could find a hope that anchors
them in that time of struggle